[#84] Added Initializer Validator. (#88)
mekomsolutions/openmrs-module-initializer: readme/rtprops.md

## Runtime Properties

The runtime behaviour of Initializer can to a certain extent be controlled by a handful of [OpenMRS runtime properties](https://wiki.openmrs.org/x/zhAz).

### 1) `initializer.domains` _(optional)_
Defines and inclusion or exclusion list of domains as a CSV string of domain names. If this property is unspecified all domains are being processed.
##### Example of inclusion list:
```java
initializer.domains='concepts,locations'
```
##### Example of exclusion list:
Just prefix the list with a negative `!` prefix character:
```java
initializer.domains='!metadatasharing,privileges,roles'
```
This is exactly the same logic as for the Initializer Validator's `--domains` argument.
### 2) `initializer.exclude.<domain>` _(optional)_
##### Example

> In the example below all 'concepts' domain files matching the [wildcard patterns](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E23389_01/doc.11116/e21038/conditions.htm#BABEJGAH) `*diags*` and `*interventions*` will be filtered out:

Reviewer: Oracle's Traffic Director actually seems to allow a much richer series of expressions than the `WildcardFilenameFilter`.

```suggestion
In the example below all 'concepts' domain files matching the [wildcard patterns](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-io/apidocs/org/apache/commons/io/FilenameUtils.html#wildcardMatchOnSystem-java.lang.String-java.lang.String-) `*diags*` and `*interventions*` will be filtered out:
```
